A case they say far and select statements we've only looked at where a column is called to a certain
value so equal to one value.
So for example we look at where a coffee or region of coffee was equal to Columbia but we didn't look
at where a column can be equal to two or more values.
So in this video we're going to be looking at that.
So here I've selected stuff from my customers table again and you can see Rita and all the other customers
in our customer table.
But actually I want to return the customers who have a last name of Taylor Bluth or Armstrong.
So how can I do this I can do this by using the in key word rather than an equal sign.
So I can come up here and I can write select stuff from customers where my column name which in this
case is last name and instead of writing it to a certain Vadi I can write in.
I can then open a pair of brackets and within that pair of brackets I can combine to separate each value.
I want to select.
So like I said I wanted to select tailor Bluefin Armstrong.
So because these characters I need to put in single quotes and I can type Teyla and then I need to call
a separate to open another pair of quotes and right place.
And then I need to come up separate again from my last pair of brackets and type Armstrong
and I could have had as many values as I wanted.
So two or more values I need to use the in statement rather than equal sign.
So let's run this and you can see.
Now we just have the results where that last name was Eva Armstrong blue 48.
Katie Armstrong.
Then I have quite a lot of beliefs Mike busted in Z and then I have John Taylor and then more beliefs.
And like I said if you want to add more names you just need to keep Colma separating each Friday and
you can type in as many as you like
and we can also exclude multiple values from our results.
So let's say we wanted to select all our customers in our customer table.
Apart from if they have the first name Katie Joel or George.
So to do that we need to select stuff from our customer table and then we need to say where or call
a name.
So in this case his first name
is not seen Katie John or George.
So rather than typing in we just type not in.
And then we type in our free values.
So Katie Jaun and then George and then we just run this statement and we can see it's returned all our
customers.
Apart from any customer that has a first name of Katie Jones George.
So we use that in the not in key words when we won a column to be equal to more than one value.